Command line new sub-option for -SS command: (#1937)
CloudCompare/CloudCompare: CHANGELOG.md

			* -SS OCTREE NUMBER_OF_POINTS PERCENT {number} to calculate NUMBER_OF_POINTS from PERCENT. PERCENT should be a decimal number between 0 and 100.
			* -SS OCTREE CELL_SIZE {size} to deduce the octree level from the given cell size.
			* -SS RANDOM PERCENT {number} to calculate the number of sampled points from PERCENT. PERCENT should be a decimal number between 0 and 100.

> 			* -SS SPATIAL {fall_back_step} USE_ACTIVE_SF {value_at_SF_min} {value_at_SF_max} to use spatial step interpolation on active scalar field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			* -SS SPATIAL {fallback_step} USE_ACTIVE_SF {step_at_SF_min} {step_at_SF_max} to use spatial step interpolation on active scalar field (fallback step will be used if active SF has invalid values)
```
